Update docker-compose (#121)
Scan-o-Matic/scanomatic-standalone: README.md

[![Scan-o-Matic CI](https://github.com/Scan-o-Matic/scanomatic-standalone/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Scan-o-Matic/scanomatic-standalone/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

# Scan-o-matic (program) and scanomatic (python module)

This project contains the code for the massive microbial phenotyping platform Scan-o-matic.

Scan-o-matic was published in [G3 September 2016](http://g3journal.org/content/6/9/3003.full).

> Please refer to the general [Scan-o-Matic Wiki](https://github.com/Scan-o-Matic/scanomatic/wiki) for further instructions, though setup and starting should like described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the general [Scan-o-Matic Wiki](https://github.com/Scan-o-Matic/scanomatic/wiki) for further instructions, though setup and starting should be as described below.
```

Before you decide on this, the Faculty of Science at University of Gothenburg has included Scan-o-matic among its high-throughput phenomics infrastructure and it is our expressed interest that external researchers come to us. If you are interested there's some more information and contact information here: [The center for large scale cell based screeening](http://cmb.gu.se/english/research/microbiology/center-for-large-scale-cell-based-screening). It is yet to become listed on the page, but don't worry, it is part of the list.

# Setting up and running

1. Clone this library `git@github.com:Scan-o-Matic/scanomatic-standalone.git`
2. And change directory: `cd scanomatic-standalone`
3. Build the image `docker-compose build`

> 4. Create an environment-file or export the `SOM_PROJECTS_ROOT` and `SOM_SETTINGS` variables. Each pointing to a location where you wish to store your projects and settings respectively. See https://docs.docker.com/compose/environment-variables/#the-env-file for specifying them in an env-file, else include them in your `.bashrc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create an environment-file or export the `SOM_PROJECTS_ROOT` and `SOM_SETTINGS` variables. Each pointing to a location where you wish to store your projects and settings respectively. See https://docs.docker.com/compose/environment-variables/#the-env-file for specifying them in an env-file, else include them in e.g. your `.bashrc`.
```

Reviewer: maybe (though those who don't use bash probably know that this doesn't apply to them)
